# Discuss the following prompts:

- Briefly describe the artifact. What is it? When was it created?
This artifact is a tutorial on Linux virtualization. It originated as a series of unofficial experiments.

- Justify the inclusion of the artifact in your ePortfolio. Why did you select this item?
What specific components of the artifact showcase your skills and abilities in software development? How was the artifact improved?
Learning about Linux and how to install it requires learning the basics of software architecture and its underlying logic. Writing my own guide from scratch along with explanations to the reader
for every step requires me to have a good conceptual understanding of the layers of software dev. The artifact went from an unofficial series of experiments to a streamlined guide. 

- Did you meet the course outcomes you planned to meet with this enhancement in Module One? Do you have any updates to your outcome-coverage plans?
"------"Design, develop, and deliver professional-quality oral, written, and visual communications that are coherent, technically sound,
and appropriately adapted to specific audiences and contexts. ”"
I met the above course outcome, as predicted in my enhancement plan. In writing a tutorial for this task, I practiced profession writing as well as the skill of breaking down tasks. 

- Reflect on the process of enhancing and modifying the artifact. What did you learn as you were creating it and improving it? What challenges did you face?
I learned how diffiuclt it is to create a concise tutorial for beginners on an open ended task.
I always thought that there should have existed tutorials which were more beginner-friendly and easier to follow. I thought I could easily create one of these, but it proved more difficult than I thought.
I did not know what to include, what to consolidate, what to screenshot and what to infer. 
Things ended up taking a lot more time than I initially anticiapted, to the point where I only did one of my three planned enhancements. I only wrote the tutorial segment for arch linux.
I plan to add the segman for kali and debian in the future.
